Add Fleet & Agent 8.16.2 Release Notes (#1538)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/release-notes/release-notes-8.16.asciidoc

* {kibana-ref}/release-notes.html[{kib} release notes]
* {beats-ref}/release-notes.html[{beats} release notes]

// begin 8.16.2 relnotes

[[release-notes-8.16.2]]
== {fleet} and {agent} 8.16.2

Review important information about the {fleet} and {agent} 8.16.2 release.

[discrete]
[[enhancements-8.16.2]]
=== Enhancements

> In this release we've introduced an image based on the hardened link:https://github.com/wolfi-dev/[Wolfi] image to provide additional security to our self-managed customers, and improve our supply chain security posture. Wolfi-based images require Docker version 20.10.10 or higher.

Reviewer: "image" is a little unclear.

```suggestion
In this release we've introduced a container image based on the hardened link:https://github.com/wolfi-dev/[Wolfi] image to provide additional security to our self-managed customers, and improve our supply chain security posture. Wolfi-based images require Docker version 20.10.10 or higher.
```
